# Introduction
Here will be an introduction (3-4 paragraphs containing intro and research question/ explanation of topic/ literature review/ potential results)

New business formation reflects a nation’s commitment to innovation, entrepreneurial vibrancy, and potential for economic growth. Policies governing taxes, loans, and business registration are often shaped by the incumbent administration’s political ideology, influencing entrepreneurs' decisions to launch new ventures. Therefore, understanding how political affiliation affects entrepreneurship can provide useful insights for policymakers seeking to promote business activity and for entrepreneurs evaluating economic conditions.

This study draws on the Business Dynamics Statistics (BDS) from 1978 to 2021, which documents the number and proportion of new businesses among active businesses each year. Over this period, Democrats and Republicans each held the presidency for six terms by four people. I create a dummy variable to represent presidential affiliation (0 for Republican, 1 for Democratic) and map it against the business formation rate. 

A major challenge of my study is while it is possible that presidential policies influence entrepreneurial activity, many external factors—such as economic cycles, interest rates, technological shifts, and global economic events—also shape business formation. To address this challenge, following Blinder and Watson’s approach, I control for real GDP growth, unemployment, inflation, real interest rates, corporate tax rates, population growth, and congressional composition to isolate the relationship between political affiliation and entrepreneurship.

Amid post-COVID-19 recovery efforts and debates on small business support ahead of the 2024 election, understanding how presidential affiliation influences business formation offers timely and valuable insights.